"You 14 yr old?? I'm from headland. How far is Hartford from DOTHAN", no
"Decoy Umm like 20 mins?", no
"NOOOOO. Not al. I dont Im awesome cool af.", no
"Lol ok", no
"Lol u dont believe me right", no
"Im italian", no
"My dad is.. I think my mom is half", no
"No I wish", no
"No he lives in Chicago", no
"Who u live with boo Mom?", no
"Your friend is with you now", no
"What do u mean", no
"hehe I cant do that right now", no
"I tried to but it wasnt really much fun", no
"I want to be", no
"ok", no
"oh sounds like fun lol", no
"i know", no
"OMG really", no
"I have to go. I'll be back tomorow", no
"I'm back home", no
"tomorrow my brother will be at his friends", no
"if u want to", no
"My mom is off tonight", no
"when I get my phone", no
"You sure", no
"Shes never here", no
"wth I have to talk to people online", no
"if u promise u wont show them", no
"we can get pizza or something", no
"i didnt take any before", no
"have they talked about it with u", no
"Just give me a little hint pleasssse", no
"Too bad. But, at least you are in school...", no
"So is that what is making you sad?", no
"What do you mean, you fight?", no
"I see... And, you want your mother to treat you like an adult?", no
"well, that'd be nice. but really, i just wanted to go home and see my friends for a bit and stay with my dad", no
"There must be a reason for it.", no
"yeah. thats what im scared of.", no
"yeah. love would be nice.", no
"First you would come to the place I keep for writing...", no
"Is this something you want?", no
"Yes, I am. I tend to write longhand.", no
"thats pretty. im not very good at it because i mostly print.", no
"k see you soon! loggin off now", no
"so how you doing?", no
"you still there?", no
"okay..I thought maybe after you read my message I posted in the room you would not talk to me anymore", no
"so you are not out with friends tonight?", no
"thanx. ur nice", no
"but I guess I will never know", no
"you are welcome", no
"my mom wont let me have em", no
"i dunno i might be embarased", no
"how i do that ur not here", no
"I could though", no
"i was sayin if i gots a bf n he told me to", no
"what if he wanted to do it for you?", no
"hey wat ur name?", no
"cool", no
"but where would we go to do all this?", no
"i liked ur voice", no
"ne ways i got to go do dishes bf she come home", no
"or she ground me", no
"yea if ur nice. i lik u so yea i wud do it.", no
"cool...all right go and do what you have to do so you dont get in trouble..", no
"call me if you want", no
"i cant call if she here. i try to call u somtim tho k?", no
"yeah..I work tomorrow till 6 will be home about 6:30pm", no
"hey you online...remember me?", no
"hey I am online..let me know when you are here..cant wait to talk to you again", no
"im here! hope we can chat latr!", no
"I was hoping you got my message about me not having to work..was hoping you would call", no
"okay...I didnt have to work after all today", no
"okay...black will do..any other color?", no
"so can I ask you another question...something I have been wondering about?", no
"hehe wat if someone see me open the door like that! lol i'd be scared", no
"so what do you like to do?", no
"watch movies listen to music and hang out", no
"I have a cat and a dog", no
"no but my neighbor dog comes over sumtimes. he always diggin under the fence", no
"i dunno really. he kinda tan lookin. i think mebbie a lab", no
"what have you done?", no
"okay..just wondering", no
"you would love it..that is if you would want to try that", no
"yea that sound way cool!", no
"yea if u want me to", no
"would you do it or would you let me do it for you?", no
"that is if you feel comfortable doing that", no
"i be nervus", no
"yea but if i get in truble now i cant stay alone when she go", no
"the dont watch me", yes
"so you have not told anyone about this have you?", yes
"I am just curious..because now a days you have to be careful..you know cops pulling stings and all that shit", no
"no I am not a cop...are you a cop?", no
"I am just worried you might get nervous and back out at the last minute..you know?", no
"and I like you", no
"no jus dont hurt me r nuthin", no
"she dont even like me havin this one", no
"i seen one before", no
"hey", no
"what u up to tonight", no
"what are you doing tonight", no
"me too. sucks", no
"lol sorry, if it aint bots in the room its people acting like im dumb cuz Im 14. im like screw you im not 4.", no
"nope hopefully for christmas, what about you", no
"yea but no light where i am right now", no
"but i have my kids for a couple days", no
"i like your tats pretty badass", no
"im gonna get one when i can", no
"u r very pretty ur gonna be a heartbreaker", no
"walk the beach chill with friends drink watch the sun set dinner cuddle other stuff", no
"like idk shop hang you know stuff", no
"i like doing random things idk.", no
"you like watching the sun go down?", no
"i was in cali last month it was pretty there", no
"my ex was all jealous i went lol. he never has been out of mi till now", no
"kk, i thought you forgot about me", no
"lol sorry you don't like my pics", no
"i do like ur pics", no
"jb, mylie, taylor swift stuff like that", no
"a couple but they are just regular", no
"unless you want to see my ex haha", no
"that sucks i know lots of people like that. my friends dad is", no
"do you think the place you work for will let you work again", no
"how many people are you talking too", no
"no wonder i thought you forgot about me", no
"just u and that girl i asked", no
"lol", no
"nah its cool im just happy to takl to someone that isn't a bot or a jackass", no
"so is my dads wife", no
"she tries talking madness about my mom.", no
"ya but then my mom grounded me for telling her man to go to hell hahaha.", no
"but my dads wife was being all whatever cuz my mom and her man are going to Vegas not this weekend but next and she was like who is watching kaylie im like..uh i can watch my dam self.", no
"she gets on my last nerve", no
"its okay not your fault she was with a moron", no
"this new one is ok. he acts like hes all that sometimes but mostly he is ok", no
"do you like sports?", no
"new england patriots", no
"they went undefeated 2 years ago", no
"and she is buying me a buttload of pizza and ice cream haha.", no
"otherwise ham mush pep", no
"i dont like jalepenos", no
"lol i was just going to ask if you are serious.", no
"but you arent lol", no
"your the guy not me.", no
"yea i love doing that", no
"if you want to its cool with me and ya im not saying a dam thing and getting my ass in trouble hahaha.", no
"im not sharing my popsicle though no matter how nice you are.", no
"ill stick it in u and taste it then", no
"really, you can do that with one or are you joking?", no
"omg that is something i never heard of.", no
"u have a lot to be taught", no
"im just bored sick of sitting alone at night", no
"ya i bet. i feel like that a lot of times.", no
"it sucks", no
"and the one cool chick i find is young lol", no
"just my luck", no
"well have fun anyway", no
"omg you act like im a baby", no
"thats y i said u were young no offense", no
"I was gonna say hey!!!!! say bye at least", no
"its a tank top thats blue and tinkerbell shorts", no
"no didnt i tell you that i lost one and broke the other. i have to wait till my first report card or chrismas for the next one.", no
"lol sure, let me start walking now.", no
"are you falling asleep?", no
"am i seriosly boring you", no
"im just trying to figure out what to do tomorrow", no
"yea so u gonna think bout me now lol and what we talked bout wondering how it would feel lol", no
"ya im gonna think about lots of what you said", no
"r u serious or just saying that", no
"and what r u gonna think about", no
"lol i didnt say that. not those words i didnt omg you made my face red", no
"grrr thats not how i meant it", no
"i didnt mean for you to say sorry im not like hahahah ing at you.", no
"was that better", no
"and i saw your tats too", no
"sorry to cut this short but im off to bed gotta take the kids home tomorrow", no
"i like talking to u", no
"so ur uncle has a pool", no
"is it an above ground or inground", no
"im just picking on u", no
"nice me too", no
"hi there holly how r u tonight", no
"so how do u like living in MI or hate it", no
"bec i wanted to im u and thats the way i always do it sorry if i scared u", no
"cool it must be hard on your mom as well", no
"do u play any sports in school or your free time or just play with friends", no
"i dont talk 2 peeps i think r lying 2 me", no
"ok so how r things going for u right now", no
"cool were u excited", no
"i made my own cake tho an i ate it w my little bros an tyler even made me a homemade card", no
"yes u r lucky to have a little brothe rlike him", no
"have u ever thought about moving out to a new place or cant right now", no
"i dont have anywere 2 go", no
"ok cool so u r in 6th grade or 7th", no
"cool u excited about high school next year", no
"nope im sorry but im blue eyes brown hair 190 lbs and athletic", no
"most peeps get mad if i dont tell them like whatever they ask", no
"give me a sec ok", no
"ok heres me now", no
"hey i got to go now did u want to continu this talk over the phone or not yet", no
"that last 1 was in pa at my real grammas hosue", no
"how many granmas do u have", no
"i heard its fun mayb if i ever get a bf i rely like again", no
"my friend marissa told me its kewl", no
"y has she done it before", no
"all these kids doing it so young", no
"cool thats the most popular kind of girl blonde with blue eyes", no
"ya it gets darker in the winter tho an gets rely blond in the summer", no
"im gonna hafta use my callin card tho so she dont c it on the bill k?", no
"mayb or prolly a little bit after that", no
"im really tired right now but talking to u wakes me up real good", no
"im on the computer looking at football stuff about colleges", no
"sorry stepmom wuz talkin 2 me", no
"yep what did u bring for a snack", no
"comp lab where all the comp r located at", no
"i just dont kno how that wud work i cant get there or anythin", no
"shes bitchin bout me keepin up w the laundry so her stuff is clean 2 pack next week", no
"depends if she goes 2 sleep or not", no
"ok when will u no if she goes to sleep", no